Add & publish a vacancy for senior frontend developer (#25)
datarockets/career: jobs/frontend/senior-frontend-developer.md

# Senior Frontend Developer

We're looking for a pro-active senior-level frontend developer, who not only solves tasks but suggests improvements on the codebase level as well as on product and company level, and who shares knowledge within the team on meetups and in chats. <b> We are open to a person with ambitions to fill in the Team Lead role. </b>

## About the job

- Salary: up to 5000USD, gross per month.
- You will work with a team of developers (3-5 people) on the current project developing new features.
- Usually, our projects last for about 1.5-2 years (but it could be more/less). Our developers don't work on more than 1 project at a time.

> - For development we usually use Kanban or similar process in Trello, Pivotal or Jira, communicate in Slack channels and via Zoom calls, and store documentation in Notion. We also use Holacracy for organizational governance.

Reviewer: [Optional]

```suggestion
- For development, we usually use Kanban or similar processes, communicate in Slack channels and via Zoom calls, and store documentation in Notion. We also use Holacracy for organizational governance.
```

Project management tools vary a lot by a project (e.g. on Astrohaus we use Shortcut) so I think we can omit it here.

- Apart from working on projects we will encourage you to gain and share knowledge, discuss your personal development and contribute to company's activities.
- You'll have colleagues all around the globe, variety of channels in Slack like #animal-therapy, #cooking, #ihateremotework and remote team spirit.

> ## We expect that you

Reviewer: [Optional]

I think having a certain list of technologies we use might increase a chance of a person applying, makes it clear what to expect and also makes it easier to search. For example, for front-end, we use React almost on all the projects.

It might be just a section `Our tech stack` or `Technologies we use` which describes that our stack depends on a project but usually we use these technologies `<list of technologies>`.

Here is a message from me that highlights some technologies https://datarockets.slack.com/archives/C0H4KK3B7/p1647242319770709.

Also here is a thread where a tech stack is described for each project https://datarockets.slack.com/archives/C50JWS3K5/p1646895843692609

Author: @lesha1201 I like your suggestion but I'd merge this PR without it cause this will take some time and then it will require another round of review. However, I don't want to block @dashandrina from being able to present this vacancy to candidates. Can you please add this section in another PR after this one is merged?

Reviewer: @atatarenko I will add it.

> ## We expect that you
> 
> - Share our values ([en](https://datarockets.com/blog/company/datarockets-codex-core-values/), [ru](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DojRoGnl-J0Ku0B9tjK_-HUMbKQDPoueoYr645dYA-4/edit)) – it's very important
> - Can design a whole system of application
> - Have experience working with different kind of teams and projects
> - Research new technologies and promote them inside the team (new libraries, tools, techniques: refactoring, debugging, etc.)
> - Will constantly suggest innovations on the project
> - It will be a plus if you released own projects
> - Understand yourself: have good habits, know how to be productive and how to rest
> - Have knowledge of English on the level which allows you to feel comfortable communicating in it (verbally and written) the whole working day.
> - Know how important it is to communicate with the team and inform others about what you are doing, so you stick to open and frequent communication. It is important for us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## We expect that you

- Share our values ([en](https://datarockets.com/blog/company/datarockets-codex-core-values/), [ru](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DojRoGnl-J0Ku0B9tjK_-HUMbKQDPoueoYr645dYA-4/edit)) – it's very important.
- Can design a whole system of application.
- Knows at least one library/framework for building UI at advanced level (React, Vue, Angular, etc.).
- Have experience working with different kind of teams and projects.
- Research new technologies and promote them inside the team (new libraries, tools, techniques: refactoring, debugging, etc.).
- Will constantly suggest innovations on the project.
- It will be a plus if you released own projects.
- Understand yourself: have good habits, know how to be productive and how to rest.
- Have knowledge of English on the level which allows you to feel comfortable communicating in it (verbally and written) the whole working day.
- Know how important it is to communicate with the team and inform others about what you are doing, so you stick to open and frequent communication. It is important for us.
```

I added dots at the end of each sentence because there were used mixed formats (some items have dot, some don't) and it's better to use one format. Besides that, I added `Knows at least one library/framework for building UI at advanced level (React, Vue, Angular, etc.).` because I think it's important for a candidate to know at least one library/framework at advanced level and makes it clearer that it doesn't matter what library/framework they use so it might increase amount of applicants.

## About us

[![datarockets team](https://github.com/datarockets/career/blob/master/images/photo%20from%20New%20Year%20party.3.jpg)](https://www.instagram.com/datarockets/)

We work remotely [#remote](https://github.com/datarockets/career#remote) and know how to do it well.

We care about people [#people-first](https://github.com/datarockets/career#people-first) and projects [#work-as-a-team-with-clients](https://github.com/datarockets/career#work-as-a-team-with-clients).

We build mobile and web apps for our clients. See [case studies](https://datarockets.com/case-studies/). Usually we work with clients for years and work as a single team.

## Perks

- 50% compensation for self-development activities: courses, conferences, books, educational platforms, English, sports.
- Remote work and flexible schedule (actually no schedule at all - you decide when you work).
- 32 paid days off per year - you can use them for vacations, occasional days off, and public holidays, only workdays count.
- Full coverage of sick leaves.
- 200 USD per year for medical expenses.
- 500 USD per year for home office equipment.

## How to apply 💌

“Talk is cheap. Show me the code.” ― Linus Torvalds

> In order to better determine your current level and therefore increase your chances, we need to see your codes. If you already have some open-source projects that shows your competence then you can send them to us. Alternatevely, you can complete a [test task](./test-task.md). You might be even more interesting in that because completing the test task is a good way to add one more project to your portfolio and improve your skills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to better determine your current level and therefore increase your chances, we need to see your code. If you already have some open-source projects that shows your competence then you can send them to us. Alternatively, you can complete a [test task](./test-task.md). You might be even more interested in that because completing the test task is a good way to add one more project to your portfolio and improve your skills.
```

> Send us a message to [join@datarockets.com](mailto:join@datarockets.com) with your CV and examples of your code. Also we are curious about your thoughts on the questions below, please, add your answers to the cover letter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send us a message to [join@datarockets.com](mailto:join@datarockets.com) with your CV and examples of your code. Also, we are curious about your thoughts on the questions below, please, add your answers to the cover letter.
```

1. How do you organize storing data on frontend? What are pros and cons of your approach?

> 2. What makes a good user experience in your opinion, what is important?

Reviewer: I remember we were discussing an importance of questions here with @dashandrina and, as I remember, we came to a conclusion that they aren't very important and it only makes it harder to apply. So maybe we should remove them or at least change the questions. From these questions, I would only leave the second question.

Author: Makes sense so I left only one last question.
